declare-everything
available
Level 4
required
XP
Files to submit
Allowed functions
1.19 kB
declare-everything.js
—
Mindful AI Mode

Context
In this second quest of our adventure, you will enhance your skills with JavaScript. Initially, in this exercise, you'll use variables to control and manage robots in various scenarios. Let's dive in and explore the basics of variables in JavaScript!

Don't worry if you're learning many new concepts—just go with the flow!

AI-Powered Learning Techniques
Exploratory Questions Technique:

This type of prompt encourages AI to provide various explanations and examples, helping you explore different aspects of a concept.

Look for examples across the subject. ;)

Directions
Values need a way to be identified, which is why we use variables. Variables add meaning to a value by pointing to it. Think of them as labels, a way to name things.

If we say 20, it doesn't carry much meaning. 20 what?

Imagine we are talking about robots. You have 20 robot parts.

Now that's a lot of parts!

We defined what we have (robot parts) and its value (20).

An identifier is used to define what it is, using this syntax:

let robotParts = 20;
Whoa, what's all this?!

Let's break it down:

Keyword: let
First, a keyword: let.

A keyword is a special word that JavaScript recognizes. It tells the computer to perform a specific action.

let indicates that the script is defining a new variable.

Identifier
Next, it needs a valid identifier.

In this case, it's robotParts. We choose something meaningful here.

A few rules apply to ensure an identifier is valid:

No spaces are allowed (robot parts would be interpreted as two distinct identifiers, resulting in a malformed let expression).

It cannot start with a number (that's reserved for numeric values).

It cannot be a reserved keyword (for example, using let as an identifier).

No special characters are allowed.

As such, we use what's called camelCase.

Note that in JavaScript, it is convention not to uppercase the first letter, as this is reserved for special declarations. We won't go into details now.

let robot parts = 20 // Invalid because of spaces
let robotParts = 20 // Just right
Prompt example:
"Show me 3 different ways to declare variables with let in JavaScript using robot-themed examples. For each example, explain what makes it a good variable declaration and what would happen if I changed one part of it."

Operator: =
The special character = is an operator. Like in math, operators are used to define specific operations. In this case, = defines the assignment operation. It means assigning a value to our variable. This is what links the chosen identifier with our value.

Prompt example:
"Give me 5 different variable names about robots and space. Show me which ones follow camelCase correctly and which ones break the rules. Then explain what would happen if I tried to use the incorrect ones in my code."

Value
Finally, a value, like the ones you already know: string, number, and boolean. Here's a full example with descriptive comments:

// ↙ keyword        ↙ assignment operator
let comicBookTitle = "Tintin in Tibet";
//       ↖ identifier       ↖ the value (here a string)
Prompt example:
"Create examples of variables storing different types of values (string, number, boolean) in a robot repair shop scenario. Show me 2 examples of each type and explain when I would choose each data type for different robot information."

Instructions
Declare two variables:

Use the identifier seven with the value being a string of the number 7.

Use the identifier seventySeven with the value being a string of the number 77.

"When we first begin fighting for our dreams, we have no experience and make many mistakes. The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and get up eight times."

Paulo Coelho